Update terraform docs (#133)
harvester/docs: docs/terraform/terraform.md

}
```

## Using the provider

> Documentation about the provider specific configuration options can be found on the [docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/harvester/harvester/latest/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details about the provider-specific configurations can be found on the [docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/harvester/harvester/latest/docs).
```
